alright I have an fmf powercore for full
system fits and this is the parts
Unlimited 2010 off-road Kellogg the pipe
fits crf70 04 or the XR 7001 303 this is
the power curve for slip-on muffler with
header it's not the spark arrestor
there's the part number 0 for 10 16 179
95 let me get the focus here's the part
number 0 for 10 16 very nice pipe it's
been sitting around in my trailer so
it's got a few nicks right there and
basically bought it brand new under 7995
try it on my ex are 70 that a 125 life
and pit bike engine and that engine was
a couple of inches longer so it bolted
up perfect but where it mounts right
here to the frame was probably two
inches off but it will perfectly work
for a stock or a XR 70 crf70 engine and
like I said it fits
that bike right there selling it for a
hundred and thirty-five dollars or best
reasonable offer plus shipping depending
on where you live I accept paypal or if
you can local pickup but i'll be posting
this on craigslist thank you very much